hi guys this is dr raz the physical
therapist with the center for total back
care
i'm going to talk to you today about
exercises for prevention of knee pain
one of those exercises is squats when
you're doing squats you want to make
sure you have proper form
so what i usually tell patients is you
want to pretend like you're sitting in a
chair
you never want your knees to go over
your toes
and you should be able to wiggle your
toes as you come down
and back up so again should be able to
wiggle your toes pretend like you're
sitting back in a chair
keep your head and chest up and then
back up
a lot of people tend to do an improper
squat they tend to put a lot of
their weight through their toes and it
looks like this
as you can see my knees are going over
my toes and that puts a lot of stress
on the knee joint so you want to avoid
that and make sure you're sitting back
chest up head up and wiggle your toes